h1. soo_if_frontpage

This is a plugin for "Textpattern":http://textpattern.com.

* "Support forum topic":http://forum.textpattern.com/viewtopic.php?id=31219
* "Author site":http://ipsedixit.net/txp/87/soo_if_frontpage
* "GitHub":https://github.com/jsoo/soo_if_frontpage

notextile. <div id="toc">

h2. Contents

* "Overview":#overview
* "Usage":#usage
* "Attributes":#attributes
* "Examples":#examples
** "Most restrictive case":#most
** "Least restrictive case":#least
* "History":#history

notextile. </div>

h2(#overview). Overview

Similar to the @glx_if_frontpage@ tag from the no-longer-supported "@glx_if@ plugin":http://www.markupartist.com/files/glx_if.txt. Most of that functionality is now available through core Txp tags, but not this (well, not without an absurd stack of conditional tags).

h2(#usage). Usage

pre. <txp:soo_if_frontpage>
...
<txp:else />
...
</txp:soo_if_frontpage>

@soo_if_frontpage@ evaluates to @true@ if the current page context is:

* an article list, and;
* not search results, and;
* not a listing of articles by category, and;
* not a listing of articles by author, and;
* not a listing of articles by month, and;
* not an image page, and;
* in one of the sections listed in @section@ (defaults to the 'default' section only), and
* (optionally) a single-page list or the first page of a multi-page list, if the @pg@ attribute is set.

h3(#attributes). Attributes

None %(required)required%.

* @section@ _(Txp section name[s])_
Comma-separated list of allowed sections. Leave empty to restrict condition to the default (i.e. home) section. Use @section="*"@ to include all sections.
* @pg@ _(boolean)_ %(default)default% false
Whether or not to check for the "pg" URL query param (e.g., @http://my-site.com/?pg=2@).
Set @pg="1"@ to allow only single-page lists or the first page of a multi-page list.

h2(#examples). Examples

h3(#most). Most restrictive case

pre. <txp:soo_if_frontpage pg="1">
... Home page ONLY
<txp:else />
... any other page
</txp:soo_if_frontpage>

The above example returns true for the home page only. E.g., @http://example.com/@ will cause the tag to return true, but *any other standard Txp URL will return false*.

h3(#least). Least restrictive case

pre. <txp:soo_if_frontpage section="*">
... Home page, section front page, plus subsequent pages of a paginated list
<txp:else />
... Indivdiual article; individual image; category, author, date, or search result lists
</txp:soo_if_frontpage>

The above example returns true on the home page, any section front page, and any paginated variation thereof. E.g., these pages would all return true:
* @http://example.com/@
* @http://example.com/?pg=2@
* @http://example.com/news/@ (where "news" is a section name)
* @http://example.com/news/?pg=7@

h2(#history). Version History

h3. 0.1.9 (2017/02/13)

Txp 4.6 compatibility update

h3. 0.1.8 (1/14/2011)

Added check for global image context (i.e., the @p@ query parameter)

h3. 0.1.7 (1/4/2011)

Documentation updated with descriptive examples. _(Thanks to Andre D for the suggestion.)_

h3. 0.1.6 (10/7/2010)

More code cleaning, after I remembered that @$pretext@ is already extracted in global scope

h3. 0.1.5 (10/7/2010)

Documentation update, code cleaning

h3. 0.1.4 (10/6/2010)

New feature: @section="*"@ is a shortcut for specifying all sections (including the default section)

h3. 0.1.3 (6/22/2010)

Fixed bug: section front pages now treated correctly (thanks, Victor)

h3. 0.1.2 (7/2009)

Added author and month search to the conditions to check against

h3. 0.1.1 (7/2009)

Added @pg@ attribute; code and documentation cleaning; updated plugin template

h3. 0.1 (1/2008)

@soo_if_frontpage@ tag with @section@ attribute


 </div>
